# Meetings
## November 11th, 2015
Manny absent (unknown)

### Review
- Items complete for hand in this Friday:
  - Navigation Diagram - Steve
  - Report Designs - Rob
  - Design-Level Class Diagram - Peter
  - UI Prototypes - Nicole
  - Business Logic - Nicole
  - Data Validation - Rob, Steve, Dan, John, Peter, Nicole
- Items requiring updates for hand in this Friday:
  - Data Dictionairy - Dan
  - ERD - John.  Dan to review
  - Deployment Diagram - Manny. John to message Manny to let him know necessary changes. John completed this.
  - Peter to put all documents together once these are complete

### Moving forward
- 4 weeks to complete implementation
- Created a preliminary list of implementation items that need to be tackled in the near future
- John created ASP.NET solution and set up config and migration during meeting
- John demo'd how to view Blame, to keep track of what people are working on and their commits

## November 18th, 2015
All Members Present

### Review
#### Work Period from November 11th - November 18th
|  Member | Worked On  | Hours This Week  |  Total Hours for Implementation |
|---|---|---|---|
| Dan | Nil  | 0  | 0  |
| John | re-set up config, code first db creation, mock data, assisting members  | 6 | 6  |
| Manny  | Nil  | 0  | 0  |
| Nicole | controller creation, re-created solution  | 7 | 7  |
| Peter | assisting members, game controller functionality, troubleshooting, testing  | 5  |  5 |
| Rob | Nil  | 0  | 0  |
| Steve | Nil  | 0  | 0  |

### During the Meeting
- Added to the list of implementation items that need to be tackled in the near future
  - Indicated which items on the list were started and which were complete
- John demo'd making branches in git hub as a refresher, and explained how git pull requests work
 - branch names should include member name and brief description of what they are working on (eg. nicole_controllers)
- John demo'd adding columns to database using Migration
- Nicole let all members know that if anyone was unsure of where to start they could message her for suggestions

### Moving forward
- 3 weeks to complete implementation
- Members asked to keep a broad-strokes log of what they worked on and how many hours they have put into the project
  - This information will be added to our meeting minutes
- Discussed that all members will be required to download the solution tonight and run it to make sure there are no issues
  - Any members with issues running the solution are directed to contact John for assistance
- Discussed that there will be a minimum of 4 hours of work each week expected from all members

**Next Meeting: November 25th**

## November 25th, 2015
All Members Present

### Review
#### Work Period from November 11th - November 18th
- on November 23rd, Nicole sent out a message indicating to all members that at the rate we were working the project would not get complete
  - switching from *the honour system with a minimum number of hours put in* to *each person has an assigned task they must have complete by December 2nd*
    - Nicole to continue working on GUI
    - John to continue working on user functionality
    - Peter to continue working on Game controller and potenially pick up Review controller
    - Dan to take over Order Controller from Manny (unintentionally switched)
    - Manny to be responsible for Friendship Controller
    - Rob to be responsible for Report Controller
    - Steve to be responsible for Events Controller

|  Member | Worked On  | Hours This Week  |  Total Hours for Implementation |
------ | ----- | -------- | ----------
Dan | Upgraded ERD, review MVC | 4 | 4 |
John | mock data, account controller, consulting | 13 | 18 |
Manny | validation, order controller, friendship controller | 9 | 9 |
Nicole | GUI, Headers (3), Partial Views | 9 | 16 |
Peter | Game Controller, Consulting, Starting review controller | 19 | 24 |
Rob | review MVC | 4 | 4 |
Steve | nil | 0 | 0 | 

### During the Meeting
- Each member indicated the number of hours they worked and what they worked on, this is noted in the above table
- Nicole asked members what they needed in order to start being involved in the project
  - some members unfamiliar with or need a refresher in MVC
  - Peter noted that the Game controller is mostly complete and that people can look at that code for examples 
### Moving forward
- Added a new channel in Discord for members to put a note of what they are blocked on, so that other members may respond with help
- Members reminded that after their controller is complete that unit tests will be required to be written
- Milestones added to the README file for day to day requirements of members. 
  - Members required to add their initials to each milestone when complete so we can monitor how people are doing

**Next Meeting: December 2nd**

## December 2, 2015
Manny absent (wife giving birth)

### Review
#### Work Period from November 18th - December 2nd
- Most members met the milestone for having half their controller done by Sunday November 29th
- Steve switched from Event controller to Client Documentation

|  Member | Worked On  | Hours This Week  |  Total Hours for Implementation |
------ | ----- | -------- | ----------
Dan | Order controller | 21.5 | 25.5 |
John | User/Address controller | 20 | 38 |
Manny | Friendship controller | 13  | 21 |
Nicole | GUIs | 15 | 31 |
Peter | Game/Review controller | 20 | 44 |
Rob | Report controller | 13 | 17 |
Steve | Documentation | 15 | 15 |

### During the Meeting
- John discussed issues he's having with User controller
- Peter mentioned that he was waiting on wish list to do the library page, should be able to start it now
- Rob waiting for data for report views
- Steve will post what he has for client/employee documentation
- Dan all methods show views, need to connect the view to controller
- Nicole has done what Gui's were ready to be done.

### Moving forward
- Nicole can do User/Address/Report views
- Each member to write unit tests for their own controller
- Each member to add documentation comment to the class for their controller and any methods that are missing them
- Some views are unused and can be deleted by the member that worked on that controller.
  
**Next Meeting: December 9th**

## December 9, 2015
All members present

### Review
- all portions of the program are nearly complete, there are just a few items missing

#### Work Period from December 2nd - December 9th

|  Member | *Remaining Work*  | Hours This Week  |  Total Hours for Implementation |
| ------ | ----------- | -------- | ---------- |
| Dan | Unit tests, edit Steve's documentation | 13.5 | 25.5 |
| John | Unit tests, schema change, ZIP file?, preferences | 25 | 38 |
| Manny | Unit tests | 0 | 21 |
| Nicole | 2 report, events, and orders GUIs | 14 | 45 |
| Peter | Unit tests, bug fix, downloads | 17.5 | 61.5 |
| Rob | Unit tests, member side events | 15 | 32 |
| Steve | member events document, updating images in documentation | 13 | 28 |

### During the Meeting
- Went over message that Hyslop emailed out earlier, to see what points we were missing
- remaining points were delegated and given a deadline
- changed number of login attempts from 5 to 3, as per email

### Moving forward
- Members to have their remaining work done by Saturday December 12th
  
**Next Meeting: December 9th**

| Date | Item | Signoffs |
| ---- | ---- | -------- |
| November 25, 2015 | Discord Meeting | DH JS ML ND PT SB |
| November 27, 2015 | Manditory Class Attendance | DH JS ML ND PT RS SB |
| November 28, 2015 | Half of assigned controllers completed | DH JS ML ND(N/A) PT RS |
| December 2, 2015  | Assigned controllers completed (with views)  | ML
| December 9, 2015  | Unit Tests for Assigned controllers completed |
| December 9, 2015  | Technical & Client Documentation |
| December 9, 2015  | Installer CD for server |
| December 11, 2015 | Final Due Date |



